Clarify key selection for client_metadata jwks (#483)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

  // other transaction data type specific parameters
}
```

> ### Key selection for client_metadata jwks {#client_metadata_key_selection}
> JWK sets should not contain multiple keys with the same kid. However, to increase interoperability when there are multiple keys with the same kid, the verifier shall consider other JWK attributes, such as kty, use, alg, etc., when selecting the verification key for the particular JWS message. For example, the following algorithm could be used in selecting which key to use to verify a message signature:
> 
> 
> 1. find keys with a kid that matches the kid in the JOSE header;
> 2. if a single key is found, use that key;
> 3. if multiple keys are found, then the verifier should iterate through the keys until a key is found that has a matching alg, use, kty, or crv that corresponds to the message being verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Key Selection for `jwks` Client Metadata Parameter {#client_metadata_key_selection}

JWK sets SHOULD NOT contain multiple keys with the same `kid`. However, when there are multiple keys with the same `kid`, the verifier shall consider other JWK attributes, such as `kty`, `use`, `alg`, etc., when selecting the verification key for a particular JWS message. ```

I know this is the exact text from [FAPI](https://openid.net/specs/openid-financial-api-part-2-1_0.html#duplicate-key-identifiers), but I feel like 1 ~3 currently repeats what is already described in the text, no? just a suggestion

Author: I agree, it would be good to remove steps 1-3 as the text describes it well enough.

  // other transaction data type specific parameters
}
```

> ### Key Selection for `jwks` Client Metadata Parameter {#client_metadata_key_selection}
> JWK sets SHOULD NOT contain multiple keys with the same `kid`. However, when there are multiple keys with the same `kid`, the verifier shall consider other JWK attributes, such as `kty`, `use`, `alg`, etc., when selecting the verification key for the particular JWS message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Key Selection for `jwks` Client Metadata Parameter {#client_metadata_key_selection}

JWK sets SHOULD NOT contain multiple keys with the same `kid`. However, when there are multiple keys with the same `kid`, the verifier shall consider other JWK attributes, such as `kty`, `use`, `alg`, etc., when selecting the verification key for the particular JWS message.
```
